So let's have a look
at a few more advanced concepts for our load balancer.
Number one is around network security.
So currently we access this load balancer
through a security group here.
This is my load balancer security group.
And then we access our EC2 instances
through their own security group.
So right now if I look at the public IP and access it,
as you can see I can access my EC2 instance directly
or I can access it, of course, through my load balancer.
But it may be preferable to only access my EC2 instance
through my load balancer.
So how do we do this?
Well under instances, let's go for Security Groups,
so right here.
And we're going to look at
the launch-wizard-1 security group.
And in here for the inbound rules, we're going to edit them
and we're going to look at the HTTP rule.
Right now we allow everything from everywhere
on this security group.
But what we wanna say is that no, the only traffic allowed
into our EC2 instance should be traffic
coming from the load balancer.
So how do we change this?
Well, let's first delete this rule.
You have to first delete it and then you add a new rule.
And so again, we want HTTP.
But this time instead of having a CIDR block,
you can scroll down and you can see
that you can have security groups in there.
So the security group we want to allow in
is the security group of my load balancer.
So if you just type load as well
is going to filter the list.
So then you select the security group of the load balancer.
And the effect of this is that if we save this role
and have a look at it,
now if we have a look at our EC2 instance directly
and I refresh this page, as you can see it's timing out
because it's like not being able to access the instance
because I'm not allowed to access directly the instance.
But if you refresh the load balancer,
well the load balancer can still access my instances
because in the rule that we have created
in our security group, we allow inbound coming from,
if you have a look at here,
we allow inbound coming from the security group
of the application balancer.
So here we have tightened network security.
The second thing I want to show you
is around application balancer rules.
So currently if you go into this ALB right here,
and we go under listeners and I click on it.
So as you can see I have my listener right here.
There are some details over it and then I scroll down
and we have the rules, listener rules.
So here we can add some rules.
So we have the default over now which is saying that,
"Hey, for every request, send it to my demo target group
for my ALB."
But we can add rules and make it as complex as we want.
So this one is going to be a DemoRule,
that's the name I want to give it.
And next we need to add conditions.
So conditions is what do we want to filter
in terms of requests for this role?
So do we want to look at host headers or, for example,
have a look at, for example,
if we are on the star.example.com or myapp.example.com
or whatever you want.
Path is for the path.
So we'll use /error and saying,
"Okay if in the path we have /error
then this rule should come in."
We can also have the HTTP request method to be get
or post whatever you want.
You can filter and condition based on the source IP
and then you can have query string and HTTP header as well.
So, quite a lot of different possibilities
but for now I'm going to use path
and the path is going to be /error.
Okay, confirm.
So we can add multiple conditions if we wanted to.
Right now in the rules limit you can see
the types of limits you can have.
So let's click on Next.
We have one condition, that's enough.
And then what is the action?
So once we match on the condition,
what do we want to do with it?
Do we want to forward to specific target groups?
For example, if you had more than one target group
then we could define one or more applications
based on path or based on host domain.
Or we can redirect to a specific URL, for example,
with a URI parts or full URL on the protocol HTTP or HTTPS,
and then a specific status code.
And then as well customize the host, the path,
and the query.
Or we can return a fixed response,
and this is the one I'm going to do right now.
So we can say, "Hey, 404, it's not found.
So not found, custom error."
So this is the what we're going to return
when we go to /error.
You'll see in a second that will make more sense to you.
Then what is the priority of this rule?
So right now it is pending.
And so we have rules
and we can have maybe a hundred rules in here.
So we can define priorities
and the one is going to be the highest priority,
five is going to be a bit lower, up to 50,000.
So, of course based on like, for example,
if a condition is matched by multiple rule
is the rule with the highest priority, that will win.
So we're going to use priority of five
just to give it as an example.
And now we can see both our listener rules.
Let's click on Next.
Everything looks good for this demo rule
and it has been created.
So we can see now we have two rules,
the default rule and the demo rule.
And they're here
and you can add more rules if you wanted to.
Now let's test it out.
So if I go into my load balancer detail,
look at the DNS name, copy it and add /error,
then this is going to trigger my rule
and the result is not found, custom error.
Which means that yes, indeed, this request was matching
the path pattern of /error and so therefore 404
and text plain was returned.
So, okay, that's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.